[GA] AutoOps for self-managed clusters updates (#3171)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/ec-autoops-deployment-view.md

---
navigation_title: Deployment or Cluster
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-autoops-deployment-view.html
applies_to:
  deployment:

>     ess: all

Reviewer: same question as above about whether it should be `ess: all` or just `ess:` (but probably I just don't understand the tagging properly).

The **Events History** panel lists events that happened at some point and that have been triggered, but some conditions changed and are no longer active. For example, when your cluster experiences a peak in search rate, that might trigger a "Too many tasks on queue" event. Now, your cluster is more relaxed in terms of search rate, so this event is no longer an issue, but it was recorded for historical reasons. Events history is also sorted by severity first and then by time.

## Resources [ec-deployment-resources]

> The **Resources** panel provides a quick overview of Elasticsearch cluster resource usage. The resources are presented based on their respective data tiers and include JVM memory usage, CPU usage, and storage usage over time. You can view essential cluster information such as the Elasticsearch version, total number of nodes, total shards, and total used storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Resources** panel provides a quick overview of {{es}} cluster resource usage. The resources are presented based on their respective data tiers and include JVM memory usage, CPU usage, and storage usage over time. You can view essential cluster information such as the {{es}} version, total number of nodes, total number of shards, and total volume of used storage.
```
